// Murphy's Law: Anything that can go wrong will go wrong

// Amazon web Services (AWS) is a platform of web services for computing, storage, and networking that work well together.

// Reason to use AWS: the infrastucture should be highly available, which is defined as an uptime 99.99%.

// Elastic Load Balancer(ELB) - The load balancer distributes traffic to a bunch of virtual machines, and is highly available by default.
// Elastic Compute Cloud(EC2) - The EC2 provides virtual machines.
// Relational Database service(RDS) - AWS provides relational databases with RDS.
// Elastic File System(EFS) - EFS provides a scalable, highly available, and durable network filesystem using the NFSv4.1 protocol.

// AWS CloudFormation - Infrastucture as code

// EC2 launching an instance:
In AWS, the OS comes bundled with preinstalled software for your virtual machine; this bundle is called an Amazon Machine Image(AMI).
HVM - Hardware Virtualization Technology indicates the latest virtualization technology using hardware extensions for faster access of resources.
t2.micro - t means the family, 2 means generation 2, micro indicating the instance is small.

1. Open the AWS Management Console, and choose the EC2 service.
2. Start the wizard to launch a new virtual machine by clicking Launch Instance.
3. Select Ubuntu Server 16.04 LTS (HVM) as the AMI for your virtual machine.
4. Choose the instance type t2.micro.
5. Click Review and Launch to start the virtual machine.
6. Click Edit Security Groups to configure the firewall. Choose Select an Existing
  Security Group and select the security group named ssh-only.
7. Click Review and Launch to start the virtual machine.
8. Check the summary for the new virtual machine, and click Launch.
9. Choose the option Choose an Existing Key Pair, select the key pair mykey, and
   click Launch Instances.
10. Switch to the overview of EC2 instances, and wait for the new virtual machine’s
    state to switch to Running.

// The diff. betweeen stopping and terminating a virtual machine is, you can start a stopped virtual machine and can't a terminated machine.
